11/13: My scrum cycle consists of updating the matchmaking screen.
I am going to make it look more appealing with a new feature of
highlighting users swiping that share the same major. I will be
using the colors we have established in a previous cycle. I will
alos be updatign the format so the picture is better shown and give
the profiles more of a Tinder-like finish (gradient with name, major,
year). For testing I will use my Android simulator to check changes to
the profile screening (what the current swiper sees as well as screening
if the major is highlighted if shared). Another thing I will be doing is
adding multiple accounts for further testing and give the app more depth
(having multiple "active" users with multiple majors). Adding multiple users
with multiple different majors as well as classes being added to these profiles.
By doing this I will also be adding more Fresno State classes that have not
been previously inserted.
Problems: I have tried using a linear gradient property however it was not
functioning well with our app so instead I had to manually customize the bar
towards the bottom of the users profiles where the text would show their name,
major, etc. I alsop experienced many issues with my android simulator for being
able to test and visualize my changes. This problem also affected how I added
more users into the system. Where the code and visuals isn't necessarly wrong 
but my android simulator would act up (slow loading, having to turn off and on
multiple times in order for the page to refresh). One thing our group is going to
do is make it so we can test the app on our phones to make testing easier and more
sustainable.
11/20: I have completed updating the matchmaking screen to make it more visually
appealing (making profile pictures larger, making gradient towards bottom of profile
to show info, highlighting major if shared between users). I have also successfully
added multiple users wit different majors into the system for depth and testing (having
different names, emails, majors, classes, etc.) By adding more users this also allowed
me to use our feature of adding classes and or majors that aren't previously inputed into
the system. Also tested whether or not users can input majors or professors that aren't there.
Challenges I have faced is having to only be able to change the code within the MatchMakingCard
in order to avoid merging conflicts with my team partners. My androd studio emulator would 
act up a lot of the time taking time from being able to do more changes. Also pinpointing
which visual changes need to be made so the profiles on the matchmaking screen show how they
are suppose to (profile photo takes up most of the screen without being cut off by the tabs at 
the bottom of the page).