Week 1 Notes
Nick:
10/15: I went in to this cycle planning on finishing Google Authentication. I was able to do it in a day better than
I thought I would. Google auth makes it really easy, so i just had to add a domain parameter to the Google
sign in function and it opened up the Fresno State log in page. After this I just had to save the session
and we were good to go. After that I styled the log in page and was proud of how it looked I then added the option 
to create an account using noraml email log in. This was a new screen, and I made sure to validate all the input 
and show error messages (passwords don't match, non valid Fresno State email, password length >= 6). In the future 
I need to figure out how to do email confirmations as that is one of the features Supabase offers.
10/23
End of the cycle. After the last changes, I had to make sure the app redirected you to the create profile page
when you didn't have an account. This took alot of trial and error but I got it eventually. 
In class, I made sure everyone was able to run the app on the emulator. I also helped to make sure everyone 
knew what to work on. I made some refinements to Carlos's create profile page, and made the skeletons of the edit 
profile page.

Marquez:
10/17-23: I have edited, changed, and added colors to be used within the app. 
This would include primary, secondary, accent colors etc. These changes could be 
seen in the colors.ts file within assets. I have also managed to edit the profile 
page within index to make the visuals more appealing (spaced out buttons/ editing 
sizes and texts/ changing the profile picture window).


Eliezer:
10/19:
In this cycle I'm planning on working on creating functions to store the user profile information (name, major, year, and profile picture) 
when they create the profile after creating the account.
10/23: 
In this scum cycle I worked on saving the user profile in the profile table in supabase. I created two functions that was able to get the user input.
I was able to create a function to grab the user information like (name, major, year, and profile picture). In order to grab the profile picture the 
user used I needed to create a function that stored the image into a bucket (where all the profile pictures files are stored) and then created a url 
and then stored that url into the profile table. I was able to get these functions to work completely, I know because I was able to see the table 
in supabase and it showed all fields complete. The storage in supabase also shows the file(image) the user uploaded. 



Carlos (10/15/2025): Going into this cycle, I’m planning to make the create a profile page. 
This might take some time as I’m familiar with React but not React native and I know there’s certain differences 
such as the <div> and headers while in Native it’s <View> and <p> for the text while in React Native it’s 
<Text>. Besides that, I should be able to figure out the workings to make the create profile page and 
make it so that it loads onto the home page. I also need to familiarize myself more with Nativewind 
styling as I’ve mostly only used a little bit of Tailwind CSS in the past.  


Carlos (10/19/2025) : I went into this cycle with the plan of creating the create profile page. 
Once a user creates an account, it should redirect them to the create profile page which is the page 
I made. Users should be able to upload an image from their camera roll and type in their full name. 
It then allows them to click on the dropdown for their majors which is from the Supabase table column 
of majors that Nick added in. It then allows you to select a year (Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, Senior) 
from the dropdown as well. Once the user is finished creating the profile, it then loads into the home 
screen. I also added if statements so that the user can't create the profile unless they fill all the 
fields. I did have trouble at first with having the user be able to upload their picture for the profile 
pic from their device’s photo gallery but I managed to get it down.  




